New name, F_UNCLE: Functional UNcertainty Constrained by Law and Experiment

LA-CC-16-034

The F_UNCLE project is for quantitatively characterizing uncertainty
about functions and how physical laws and experiments constrain that
uncertainty.  The project is an evolving platform consisting of
program and text files that numerically demonstrate and explore
quantitative characterizations of uncertainty about functions and how
either historical or proposed experiments have or could constrain that
uncertainty.  No actual physical measurements are distributed as part
of the software.

To make notes.pdf:

-> git clone https://github.com/fraserphysics/F_UNCLE
-> cd F_UNCLE
-> make -j10

To run all of the tests
for m in *.py; do echo $m test; python $m test; done

Make standard plot for experiment 1 cost 2 eos 3 spectrum 4 eigenfunctions

rate stick CJ point plot

rate stick eos_i plots

Plans for multiple measurements:

1. Simulate expanding cylinder

Plans for comparing coordinate systems:

1. Write code that calculates or estimates uncertainty of estimated
   EOS model.

2. Write code that calculates or estimates uncertainty of estimated
   muzzle energy and muzzle time given uncertain EOS model.
   
3. Plot bias/variance pairs for sequences of spline and polynomial
   models with increasing numbers of parameters.

4. Explain all of the above work in notes.tex

-----------------------------------------------------------------
Here is an alphabetical list of source files under git in this directory

basis.py:
Makes a plot that illustrates a spline basis function and its derivatives.

eos.py:
Provides EOS classes for experiments and a nominal guess for
optimization.  Also provides spline classes that other modules use.

fit.py:
Contains optimization code.

gun.py
Code for the gun model.  Makes experimental data and used for
optimization in fit.py

Makefile
First and only ultimate target is notes.pdf

notes.tex
Explains models and optimization

plot.py
Provides figures for notes.pdf